Add json_compatible serializer (#29)
cloudflare/serde-wasm-bindgen: README.md

## Supported types

> Note that, this library is not compatible with either [`serde_json`](https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/) or, correspondingly, `JsValue::from_serde` / `JsValue::into_serde`, by default, for better compatibility with common JavaScript idioms and representations. If you need compatiblity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: this library is not strictly compatible with either [`serde_json`](https://docs.serde.rs/serde_json/) or, correspondingly, `JsValue::from_serde` / `JsValue::into_serde`, by default, for better compatibility with common JavaScript idioms and representations. If you need compatibility
```

> with them, or you want to use `JSON.stringify` on result without data loss, use `Serializer::json_compatible()` as serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with them, or you want to use `JSON.stringify` on the result without data loss, use `Serializer::json_compatible()` as serializer.
```

 - Rust enum from either a string (`"Variant"`) or a plain object. Specific representation is [controlled](https://serde.rs/enum-representations.html) by `#[serde(...)]` attributes and should be compatible with `serde-json`.

Serialization is compatible with the deserialization, but it's limited to a single representation, so it chooses:

>  - `undefined` for `()` or `None` (can be configured to use `null` via `serialize_unit_as_null(true)`).

Reviewer: Needs update.
